Lacework integration (#5921)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/integrations/lacework.md

---
title: Lacework
name: lacework
kind: integration
description: "Forward your Lacework logs to Datadog."
short_description: "Forward your Lacework logs to Datadog."
categories:
- log collection
- security
doc_link: /integrations/lacework/
has_logo: true
integration_title: lacework
is_public: true
public_title: Datadog-Lacework Integration

> ---

Reviewer: Check https://docs-staging.datadoghq.com/gus/lacework/integrations/lacework/

The title is showing with a lowercase `l`. Not sure which one changes this.

## Overview

> Use the Datadog-Lacework integration in order to forward your Lacework logs to Datadog.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use the Datadog Lacework integration to forward your Lacework logs to Datadog.
```

## Setup

> This is a *push integration* which means that Lacework pushes logs/events to Datadog. All configuration needed happens on Lacework's dashboard. Datadog automatically enables the right logs processing pipeline when it detects Lacework logs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Lacework pushes logs and events to Datadog, so all configuration is done on Lacework's dashboard. Datadog automatically enables the right logs processing pipeline when it detects Lacework logs.
```

### Configuration

> 1. Go to *Settings* and select *Integrations*

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. In Lacework, go to *Settings* and select *Integrations*.
```

2. In the *Outgoing* section (on the left panel) select Datadog.
3. Fill in the following details:

>     * **Name** : Enter a name for the integration like `Datadog-Lacework`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    * **Name** : Enter a name for the integration like `Datadog-Lacework`.
```

    * **Datadog Type**: Select the type of logs sent to Datadog:

        | Datadog Type     | Description                                           |
        |------------------|-------------------------------------------------------|

>         | `Logs Details`   | Sends Lacework detailed logs to Datadog logs platform. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        | `Logs Details`   | Sends Lacework detailed logs to the Datadog logs platform. |
```

>         | `Logs Summary`   | Sends Lacework summary to Datadog logs platform.       |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        | `Logs Summary`   | Sends a Lacework summary to the Datadog logs platform.       |
```

>         | `Events Summary` | Sends Lacework summary to Datadog Events platform.     |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        | `Events Summary` | Sends a Lacework summary to the Datadog Events platform.     |
```

    * **Datadog Site**:
        * Select `com` if you use Datadog US region.
        * Select `eu` if you use Datadog EU region.

>     * **API KEY**: Enter your Datadog API key.

Reviewer: Add a link to https://app.datadoghq.com/account/settings#api

---
title: Lacework
name: lacework
kind: integration
description: "Forward your Lacework logs to Datadog."
short_description: "Forward your Lacework logs to Datadog."
categories:
- log collection
- security
doc_link: /integrations/lacework/
has_logo: true
integration_title: Lacework
is_public: true
public_title: Datadog-Lacework Integration
---

## Overview

Use the Datadog Lacework integration to forward your Lacework logs to Datadog.

## Setup

Lacework pushes logs and events to Datadog, so all configuration is done on Lacework's dashboard. Datadog automatically enables the right logs processing pipeline when it detects Lacework logs.

### Configuration

1. In Lacework, go to *Settings* and select *Integrations*.
2. In the *Outgoing* section (on the left panel) select Datadog.
3. Fill in the following details:

>     * **Name** : Enter a name for the integration like `Datadog-Lacework`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    * **Name**: Enter a name for the integration. For example, `Datadog-Lacework`.
```

    * **Datadog Type**: Select the type of logs sent to Datadog:

        | Datadog Type       | Description                                                |
        | ------------------ | -------------------------------------------------------    |
        | `Logs Details`     | Sends Lacework detailed logs to the Datadog logs platform. |
        | `Logs Summary`     | Sends a Lacework summary to the Datadog logs platform.     |
        | `Events Summary`   | Sends a Lacework summary to the Datadog Events platform.   |

    * **Datadog Site**:

>         * Select `com` if you use Datadog US region.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
        * Select `com` if you use the Datadog US region.
```

>         * Select `eu` if you use Datadog EU region.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
        * Select `eu` if you use the Datadog EU region.
```
